.TH "srdes::menupp::menuppRenderer" 3 "Tue Feb 28 2012" "Menu++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
srdes::menupp::menuppRenderer \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "native void \fBinitRendering\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "native void \fBupdateRendering\fP (int width, int height)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBonSurfaceCreated\fP (GL10 gl, EGLConfig config)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBonSurfaceChanged\fP (GL10 gl, int width, int height)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "native void \fBrenderFrame\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBonDrawFrame\fP (GL10 gl)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBentreeTabManage\fP (String trackableName)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "boolean \fBmIsActive\fP = false"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static Context \fBcontext\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The renderer class for the ImageTargets sample. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void srdes.menupp.menuppRenderer.entreeTabManage (StringtrackableName)"
.SS "native void srdes.menupp.menuppRenderer.initRendering ()"Native function for initializing the renderer. 
.SS "void srdes.menupp.menuppRenderer.onDrawFrame (GL10gl)"Called to draw the current frame. 
.SS "void srdes.menupp.menuppRenderer.onSurfaceChanged (GL10gl, intwidth, intheight)"Called when the surface changed size. 
.SS "void srdes.menupp.menuppRenderer.onSurfaceCreated (GL10gl, EGLConfigconfig)"Called when the surface is created or recreated. 
.SS "native void srdes.menupp.menuppRenderer.renderFrame ()"The native render function. 
.SS "native void srdes.menupp.menuppRenderer.updateRendering (intwidth, intheight)"Native function to update the renderer. 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Context \fBsrdes.menupp.menuppRenderer.context\fP\fC [static]\fP"
.SS "boolean \fBsrdes.menupp.menuppRenderer.mIsActive\fP = false"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Menu++ from the source code.
