.TH "srdes::menupp::Texture" 3 "Tue Feb 28 2012" "Menu++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
srdes::menupp::Texture \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "byte[] \fBgetData\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIThe pixel data. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBTexture\fP \fBloadTextureFromApk\fP (String fileName, AssetManager assets)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmWidth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmHeight\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe width of the texture. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmChannels\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe height of the texture. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "byte[] \fBmData\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of channels. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBTexture\fP is a support class for the QCAR samples applications.
.PP
Exposes functionality for loading a texture from the APK. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "byte [] srdes.menupp.Texture.getData ()"
.PP
The pixel data. Returns the raw data 
.SS "static \fBTexture\fP srdes.menupp.Texture.loadTextureFromApk (StringfileName, AssetManagerassets)\fC [static]\fP"Factory function to load a texture from the APK. 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBsrdes.menupp.Texture.mChannels\fP"
.PP
The height of the texture. 
.SS "byte [] \fBsrdes.menupp.Texture.mData\fP"
.PP
The number of channels. 
.SS "int \fBsrdes.menupp.Texture.mHeight\fP"
.PP
The width of the texture. 
.SS "int \fBsrdes.menupp.Texture.mWidth\fP"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Menu++ from the source code.
