.TH "Texture" 3 "Tue Feb 28 2012" "Menu++" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Texture \- 
.PP
A utility class for textures.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Texture.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTexture\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Texture\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBgetWidth\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the width of the texture. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBgetHeight\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the height of the texture. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBTexture\fP * \fBcreate\fP (JNIEnv *env, jobject textureObject)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a texture from a jni object: \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmWidth\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe width of the texture. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmHeight\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe height of the texture. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmChannelCount\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe number of channels of the texture. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char * \fBmData\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe pointer to the raw texture data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmTextureID\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe ID of the texture. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A utility class for textures. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Texture::Texture ()"
.PP
Constructor. 
.SS "Texture::~Texture ()"
.PP
Destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBTexture\fP * Texture::create (JNIEnv *env, jobjecttextureObject)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Create a texture from a jni object: 
.SS "unsigned int Texture.getHeight () const"
.PP
Returns the height of the texture. 
.SS "unsigned int Texture.getWidth () const"
.PP
Returns the width of the texture. 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned int \fBTexture.mChannelCount\fP"
.PP
The number of channels of the texture. 
.SS "unsigned char* \fBTexture.mData\fP"
.PP
The pointer to the raw texture data. 
.SS "unsigned int \fBTexture.mHeight\fP"
.PP
The height of the texture. 
.SS "unsigned int \fBTexture.mTextureID\fP"
.PP
The ID of the texture. 
.SS "unsigned int \fBTexture.mWidth\fP"
.PP
The width of the texture. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Menu++ from the source code.
